Update backfill job, and setup a cronjob in prod (#1077)
huggingface/datasets-server: jobs/cache_maintenance/README.md

# Datasets server maintenance job

> Job to run maintenance actions on the datasets-server

Available actions:

- `backfill`: backfill the cache (i.e. create jobs to add the missing entries or update the outdated entries)
- `metrics`: compute and store the cache and queue metrics
- `skip`: do nothing

## Configuration

The script can be configured using environment variables. They are grouped by scope.

### Actions

> Set environment variables to configure the job (`DATABASE_MIGRATIONS_` prefix):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set environment variables to configure the job (`CACHE_MAINTENANCE_` prefix):
```
